KNOWN ISSUES
============

Firefox
-------

F1. If you have media.autoplay.enabled set to false in about:config in Firefox, sounds do not work at all. 
    See Bugzilla bug 1395171.

F2. Feedbro cannot be accessed/the reader UI doesn't work if you are in a Private Browsing window. This is because 
    chrome.extension.getBackgroundPage() returns null. 
    Thus you can only use Feedbro in normal windows (changing this would require major refactoring). 
    See Bugzilla bug 1329304.

F3. If you have "Never remember history" setting on, IndexedDB does not work at all (not even in the extension background page!). 
    Feedbro uses IndexedDB to store feed articles and thus this setting breaks all functionality. 
    See Bugzilla bug 781982.

F4. If you have "Accept cookies from websites" disabled, IndexedDB does not work. As a workaround you can enter the Feedbro extension 
    URI starting like moz-extension://a9c2ad37-e940-4892-8dce-cd73c6cbbc0c to your Cookie Exceptions. Note that the hex string in the URI 
    just mentioned may be different on your machine. Open the Feedbro Reader view and use copy+paste to get the correct URI for adding as 
    an Exception. 
    See Bugzilla bug 1406675.

F5. Firefox does not allow styling of scrollbars with CSS (like Chrome does). This makes scrollbars look quite ugly especially in the dark 
    theme mode.
    Update: You must set about:config option "layout.css.scrollbar-colors.enabled" to true to enable this feature.
    See Bugzilla bug 77790.
	
F6. There is no API for adding Feedbro as a ContentHandler so that Feedbro would appear in the dropdown list when you open a feed in a 
    browser tab and see the "Subscribe to this feed using". If you want to have Feedbro in that menu, you have to add the handler manually. 
    Alternatively you can click the Feedbro extension icon and select "Find Feeds in Current Tab".
   
    To add the content handler, open a new tab with URI about:config
	
    Type in browser.contentHandlers and you should see a list of preferences. Check what is the number of the last 
    browser.contentHandler.<number> setting and use the next number to enter settings for Feedbro like this (we assume that 4 is the next 
    free number):
	
    NOTE! You must copy+paste the URL from Feedbro Reader view and modify it so that after the reader.html you have ?preview=%s

    Preference Name 	Type 	Value
    browser.contentHandlers.types.4.title 	String 	Feedbro
    browser.contentHandlers.types.4.type 	String 	application/vnd.mozilla.maybe.feed
    browser.contentHandlers.types.4.uri 	String 	moz-extension://a9c2ad37-e940-4892-8dce-cd73c6cbbc0c/reader.html?preview=%s
	
    We are hoping to see an API that lets the extension do this on behalf of the user. 
    See Bugzilla bug 1356397.

F7. You should be able to right-click feeds and folders in the feed tree. If right-click does not bring up Feedbro context menu but
    instead it brings up just the Firefox default context menu, open a new tab and put as address about:config. Then search with
    string "contextmenu". The value of key dom.event.contextmenu.enabled should be true. Also if there is
    services.sync.prefs.sync.dom.event.contextmenu.enabled set it to true as well. That should make the right-click context menu work.
	
F8. Mozilla Add-on store does not allow manifest.json setting content_security_policy to point to cloudflare CDN in order to load MathJax. 
    As a result MathJax is not available on Feedbro Firefox - only on Chrome.
	
F9. In hopefully quite rare conditions the Firefox IndexedDB in your profile can get completely corrupted. This causes Feedbro to
    announce that the "Background process failed to initialize". This is because IndexedDB cannot be opened. One fix is to recreate your
    Firefox profile. Some users have also reported that this should also work: open about:support in a new tab. Then click "Open Folder"
    button to open the profile folder in the file system. Then delete/rename the "storage" folder and restart Firefox.
    One way to cause this problem is to first install e.g. Firefox 56, then upgrade to 57 beta using the same profile folder and then
    downgrade back to 56. This corrupts the IndexedDB completely in the profile data and prevents all extensions and websites from
    using IndexedDB. Addition: a "less violent" way is to open about:support and click the "Refresh Firefox" button which should fix
    the issue as well.
    See Bugzilla bug 944918.
	
    You can test IndexedDB functionality at: https://firefox-storage-test.glitch.me/

F10. As a technical "nice to know" issue, window.localStorage cannot be used even in the WebExtension background page because Firefox
     completely deletes window.localStorage of the background page when user decides to clean history or uses Private Browsing mode.
     Since Feedbro nowadays uses chrome.storage.local, Feedbro is unaffected by this Firefox bug.
     See Bugzilla bug 1313401.
	
F11. Do not set Feedbro reader view as one of the homepages that Firefox opens automatically upon startup. If you do this, apparently 
     the background page hasn't loaded properly yet and you will get "Background process failed to initialize" error. Actually in this
     case the background process doesn't fail to initialize, it just isn't ready yet when the UI is requesting data from it.
     Anyway, don't put Feedbro as one of the starting pages.
	 
F12. At least on Firefox 56 running on Ubuntu 16.04 export functions (OPML, Rules) don't work. This is due to a bug in Firefox.
     This has been fixed by creating a workaround that doesn't directly save the file (e.g. OPML file) but opens the OPML contents in
     a popup window that the user can then save (right-click and select Save As). Note that you need to allow popups for the extension
     for this to work. NOTE! uBlock Origin or similar WebExtensions can block popups! Disable popup blocking in such extensions also.
     
	 Note! If it still doesn't work (e.g. on Waterfox 56), open about:config and set property "browser.tabs.remote.autostart" to false.
     Then restart your browser. After that the OPML export should work. After you have done the export, open about:config again and set
     "browser.tabs.remote.autostart" to true and restart the browser.
	 
     See Bugzilla bug 1413460.
	 
F13. Firefox WebExtension bookmarks API does not work properly with Live Bookmarks. When reading a Live Bookmark via the API
     the type is "folder" and the url cannot be accessed. Thus it is currently impossible to read or use Live Bookmarks or to
     import them to Feedbro using an API.
     See Bugzilla bug 1418257.
	 
F14. If you have Firefox setting "Tracking Protection" set as "Always", some RSS feeds (such as Reddit) don't work since Firefox
     blocks loading of those URLs. You can change the setting to "Only in private windows" to get around this or if you just want
     to allow Reddit, do this:
     Open reddit.com in a normal browser tab and click the shield icon in the location bar. Then press the toggle so it changes to 
     "Enhanced Tracking Protection is OFF for this site". This creates a permanent exception for the site and feed loading should work
     after that.

F15. Firefox 66+ on Linux and MacOS has a regression bug that messes up feed tree right-click menu. 
     Workaround: open about:config and set "ui.context_menus.after_mouseup" to true.
	 
F16. On Firefox you need to have about:config setting "dom.IntersectionObserver.enabled" set to true. Otherwise Feed Reader UI won't work.

F17. Yammer doesn't work if you have first party isolation (privacy.firstparty.isolate = true in about:config) enabled. This is because
     Feedbro cannot use the session cookie that is available for the normal Yammer tabs.
  
Chrome
------

No issues at the moment.

All platforms
-------------

A1. Feedbro saves changes "lazily" on the disk. In practice this means that when you mark an article read or it is automatically
    marked as read, there is a small delay before the change is actually written to disk. Before that it is in in-memory data structure.
    Now, if you e.g. open Feedbro, mark all as read and then immediately close the browser, the extension background page does not have
    enough time to save the changes. This can show up e.g. so that the articles you previously marked as read appear as unread.
    So the thing is to wait a bit before closing the browser after you have made changes that need to be persisted to the disk.

A2. Some feeds do not have proper date stamps in the feed XML for articles. In such cases Feedbro uses the feed article URL to
    check whether there's already an article with that URL in the in-memory lookup table (Feedbro DB). If yes, that article is
    is considered to be "old" (existing). If it does not exist, the article is treated as a new article. Now the problem arises if
    the Feedbro user uses "delete article" functionality for such feeds. As soon as the deleted article is removed from the
    Feedbro DB and a new feed scan occurs (HTTP request from the feed source URL), the deleted articles appear to be new.
    There's really no other way around this than this rule: don't delete articles for feeds that don't provide a proper date stamp
    for articles.
	
A3. Some feeds have articles that have a date stamp in the future. Feedbro ignores such articles on purpose.

A4. If "lazy loading" (automatically loading new articles, especially in view mode 3 and 6) doesn't seem to work, please ensure
    that your browser zoom level in Feedbro reading window is 100%. You can press e.g. CTRL+0 to quickly do this.